Monday the 30th March 30th hope you guys
can see this
didn't read a wet sand it I've sanded it
with 180 and 220 and I'm getting ready
to sand it with 320 wet I've got to
clean it off and prom spots I'm going to
primer now got most of the trim off I
don't think I'm taking the door trim off
and I'm not taking the door hangers off
either
it's just you know it's too much trouble
for taking the door trim off not that
bad because I've already got a couple
door panels off and you just squeeze
clips in but I don't think I'm taking
the the door trim well the door handles
off you know I mean it's already gonna
be nice I'm not looking for a show car
so and I'm not putting that kind of time
now you know I'll work on this car for
three or four days get it ready for
paint and that'll be that'll be good
it'll take a it'll take a paint real
nice and you can see I've got a lot of
the trim off of it
I don't care you guys gonna go look for
a body shop to shoot it so I will post a
new video tonight see ya
you